readme.md, before:

# TodoMVC App Template

> Template used for creating [TodoMVC](http://todomvc.com) apps

![](https://github.com/tastejs/todomvc-app-css/raw/master/screenshot.png)


## Getting started

- Read the [Application Specification](https://github.com/tastejs/todomvc/blob/master/app-spec.md) before touching the template.

- Delete this file and rename `app-readme.md` to `readme.md` and fill it out.

- Clone this repo and install the dependencies with [npm](https://npmjs.com) by running: `npm install`.


## License

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.en_US"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/80x15.png" /></a><br />This <span xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/InteractiveResource" rel="dct:type">work</span> by <a xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" href="http://sindresorhus.com" property="cc:attributionName" rel="cc:attributionURL">TasteJS</a> is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.en_US">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License</a>.

Commit message:

Various fixes and updates
* Attempted to add some event simulation with jsdom-simulant
* Integrated more cleanly with nomplate updates
* Enhanced app test and fixed header test
* Move app initialization around, cut down to 30ms

readme.md, after:

# Nomplate • [TodoMVC](http://todomvc.com)

> Nomplate is a microscopic (< 5kb), insanely fast template engine and component system that makes it dead simple to create, compose, test and deliver visual components using Plain Old JavaScript on the server and/or in the client.

## Resources

- [https://github.com/lukebayes/nomplate](Nomplate Website)
- [Documentation]()
- [Used by]()
- [Blog]()
- [FAQ]()

### Articles

- [Interesting article]()

### Support

- [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/nomplate)
- [Google Groups]()
- [Twitter](http://twitter.com/__)
- [Google+]()

## Implementation

If you don't already have Node and NPM in your PATH run, `make dev-install && source setup-env.sh`

To build the HTML document and JavaScript bundle run, `make build` and then, using a browser open `dist/index.html`.

If you'd like to build the minified versions HTML and JavaScript run, `NODE_ENV=production make build`.

To run the unit tests, `make test`.

To watch all files and run tests when a file changes, `make test-w` (note no space before "-w").

## Credit

Created by [lukebayes](http://lukebayes.com)
